Home  Classes Contact

/* ------------------------ INDEX --------------------------------------------*/

Learn how to dance like a professional with the best choreographers

We work with the best of the best choreographers. For best trainees competition 
will be waiting. Don't wait and watch and sign up for our classes.

Sign up for offered dance classes right now!

About Us
A dance studio is a space in which dancers learn or rehearse. The term is 
typically used to describe a space that has either been built or equipped for 
the purpose. A dance studio normally includes a smooth floor covering or, if 
used for tap dancing, by a hardwood floor. The smooth vinyl floor covering, also 
known as a performance surface and commonly called "marley", is generally not 
affixed permanently to the underlying floor and can be rolled up and transported 
to performance venues if needed. In many cases, the floor is sprung, meaning the 
construction of the floor provides a degree of flexibility to absorb the impact 
of intensive dance exercise, such as jumping. This is considered vital to promote 
good health and safety. Other common features of a dance studio include a barre, 
which can be either fixed to the wall or be a standalone move-able device that is 
approximately waist height and used as a means of support. As music is an integral 
part of dance, nearly all dance studios have a sound system for playing CD's or 
music via a Bluetooth enabled device; a remote control is essential for the sound 
system to make it easy for the instructor to repeat musical passages as needed. 
A piano is still commonly used to accompany ballet and tap dance, especially in 
professional studios. In purpose-built dance studios, it is typical for at least 
one wall to be covered by floor to ceiling mirrors, which are used by dancers to 
see their body position and alignment. Other essentials in any dance studio are 
a table for teacher notebooks and other instructional materials, as wall as a large 
wall clock. In China, the term dance studio is also used to describe a place which 
is established to teach dance. Commonly referred to as dance schools in Europe, 
they are often based locally and offer classes to interested students who live 
nearby. Depending on the studio, a variety of dance styles may be offered, or 
only one.

Get professional training
Powerfull classes with professional dancers

Compete with others
Get a chance to show your talent in various competitions

Enjoy dancing
Dancing isn't just about techniques. The most important part is to enjoy it.

First name, Last name, Address of your school   (!!! Nahradiť vlastným!!!)
ZENIT Dance Studio, Copyright © 2020
/*----------------------------------------------------------------------------*/

/*----------------------- CLASSES --------------------------------------------*/

Choose the dance style you prefer, go to the Application Form, fill it and click Sign Up :-)

Classes we offer

Contemporary

Contemporary dance is a genre of dance performance that developed during the 
mid-twentieth century and has since grown to become one of the dominant genres 
for formally trained dancers throughout the world, with particularly strong 
popularity in the U.S. and Europe. Although originally informed by and borrowing 
from classical, modern, and jazz styles, it has come to incorporate elements from 
many styles of dance. Due to its technical similarities, it is often perceived to 
be closely related to modern dance, ballet, and other classical concert dance styles. 
In terms of the focus of its technique, contemporary dance tends to combine the 
strong but controlled legwork of ballet with modern that stresses on torso. It 
also employs contract-release, floor work, fall and recovery, and improvisation 
characteristics of modern dance. Unpredictable changes in rhythm, speed, and 
direction are often used, as well. Additionally, contemporary dance sometimes 
incorporates elements of non-western dance cultures, such as elements from African 
dance including bent knees, or movements from the Japanese contemporary dance, Butoh.

Go to the Application Form!

Hip Hop

Hip hop or hip-hop is a culture and art movement that was created by African 
Americans, Latino Americans and Caribbean Americans in the Bronx, New York City. 
The origin of the name is often disputed. It is also argued as to whether hip hop 
started in the South or West Bronx. While the term hip hop is often used to refer 
exclusively to hip hop music (including rap), hip hop is characterized by nine 
elements, of which only four are considered essential to understanding hip hop 
musically. Afrika Bambaataa of the hip hop collective Zulu Nation outlined these 
main pillars of hip hop culture, coining the terms: "rapping" (also called MCing 
or emceeing), a rhythmic vocal rhyming style (orality); DJing (and turntablism), 
which is making music with record players and DJ mixers (aural/sound and music 
creation); b-boying/b-girling/breakdancing (movement/dance); and graffiti. Other 
elements of hip hop subculture and arts movements beyond the main four are: hip 
hop culture and historical knowledge of the movement (intellectual/philosophical); 
beatboxing, a percussive vocal style; street entrepreneurship; hip hop language; 
and hip hop fashion and style, among others. The fifth element, although debated, 
is commonly considered either street knowledge, hip hop fashion, or beatboxing.

Go to the Application Form!

Jazz

Jazz dance is a performance dance technique and style that first emerged in the 
United States in the early twentieth century. Jazz dance may refer to vernacular 
jazz or to Broadway or theatrical jazz. Both genres build on African-American 
vernacular styles of dancing that emerged with jazz music. Vernacular jazz dance 
includes ragtime dances, Charleston, Lindy hop, and mambo. Popular vernacular jazz 
dance performers include The Whitman Sisters, Florence Mills, Ethel Waters, Al & 
Leon, Frankie Manning, Norma Miller, Dawn Hampton, and Katherine Dunham. Theatrical 
jazz dance performed on the concert stage was popularized by Jack Cole, Bob Fosse, 
Eugene Louis Faccuito, and Gus Giordano. The term 'jazz dance' has been used in ways 
that have little or nothing to do with jazz music. Since the 1940s, Hollywood movies
and Broadway shows have used the term to describe the choreographies of Bob Fosse and 
Jerome Robbins. In the 1990s, colleges and universities applied to the term to classes 
offered by physical education departments in which students dance to various forms 
of pop music, rarely jazz.

Go to the Application Form!

First name, Last name, Address of your school       (!!! Nahradiť vlastným!!!)
ZENIT Dance Studio, Copyright © 2020
/*----------------------------------------------------------------------------*/

/*------------------- CONTACT ------------------------------------------------*/

Sign up for offered dance classes right now!

Choose the city you prefer:

CVC - Bratislava Staré Mesto
Štefánikova 35
811 04 Bratislava
+421 905 335 840

CVC - JUNIOR
Tajovského 30
974 09 Banská Bystrica
+421 918 777 885

CVC - DOMINO
Popradská 86
040 01 Košice
+421 907 805 440

You can contact us via phone number:

Or you can contact us via social networks:

Our localization on map

First name, Last name, Address of your school       (!!! Nahradiť vlastným!!!)
ZENIT Dance Studio, Copyright © 2020
/*----------------------------------------------------------------------------*/